Hyökkäys Pearl Harboriin
panssaroitu miehistönkuljetusvaunu
jalkaväen taisteluajoneuvo
liittoutuneiden ilmahyökkäys
panssarintorjuntatykki
panssarintorjunta-ase
itseliikkuva tykki
itseliikkuva tykistö
panssaroitu taisteluajoneuvo
laivaston lentokonetehdas
laivaston lentotukikohta
laivaston lentotukikohta
vesilentokone
ilmavoimien henkilöstö
ilmavoimien tukikohta
ilmavoimien asema
tykistön traktori
laivaston sairaala
laivaston koulutus
laivaston alus
laivaston alus
laivaston sotalaiva
ohjus
ballistinen ohjus
punainen risti
lentovene
liekinheitin
voitto-obligaatio
sota-obligaatio
keskitysleiri
jalkaväen leiri
uintileiri
kalastusleiri
rakennusleiri
asuntovaunuleiri
talvileiri
liittoutuneiden maihinnousu
Normandian maihinnousu
voimalaitos
hyökkäyslentokone
hävittäjälentokone
pommikone
harjoituskone
kuljetuskone
kevyt pommikone
hävittäjäpommittaja
rynnäkköhävittäjä
amerikkalainen tankki
saksalainen tankki
ranskalainen tankki
englantilainen tankki
brittiläinen tankki
ilmatorjunta
sotarikokset
joukkokauhut
juoksuhautasota
tuotantolaitos
rakennuskalusto
infrastruktuurin rakentaminen
rautatierakentaminen
patojen rakentaminen
tunnelin rakentaminen
liittoutuneet
liittoutuneet joukot
lentotukikohta
tiedustelukone
valvontakone
sotilasilma-alus
sotilaslentotukikohta
sotilaslentokenttä
sotilaslentokenttä
lentotukikohta
ilmassa räjähtävä pommi
ilmahälytys
ilmaisku
ilmahyökkäys
lipunnosto
Manhattan-projekti
itärintama
paineakku
paineallas
paineastia
vesitankki
Neuvostoliitto
laivaston upseeri
armeijan ajoneuvo
ilmassa räjähtävä pommi
lentopommi
ilmasota
ilmakuva
armeijan tukikohta
armeijan sairaala
sotilastukikohta
sotilasjohtaja
sotilasajoneuvo
sotilasyksikkö
sotilasmuseo
sotilashenkilöstö
sotalaiva
sotilasvene
Ardennien taistelu
lääkintäapu
lääkintäpalvelu
ensiapu
rannikkovartiosto
Versailles'n sopimus
sairaalatukikohta
sairaalalaiva
sairaalajuna
sotilassairaala
keittiöauto
rautatiekuorma-auto
paloauto
linja-auto
kaasukuorma-auto
rahtikuorma-auto
kippiauto
huoltoauto
klinikka-auto
armeijan kuorma-auto
armeijamuseo
sotilaskuorma-auto
Afrikan joukko-osasto
lentävä linnoitus
varapresidentti
terveydenhuollon ammattilainen
pommitushyökkäys
atomipommi
Nürnbergin oikeudenkäynti
rynnäkkötykki
ilmapallotykki
konekivääri
kranaatinheitin
sarjatuliase
kenttätykki
vuoritykki
panssarimiina
panssarintorjuntatykki
panssarintorjunta-ase
muistopäivä
majakka-asema
majakka
puolitelavaunu
maavoimat
jalkaväen ase
voitonpäivä Euroopassa
voitonpäivä Japanissa
onnettomuus
hylky
panssari
haupitsi
ilmaisku
aseet
pommitus
joukkomurha
uhrit
julmuudet
D-päivä
sukellusvene
joukko
holokausti
Kriegsmarine
sukellusvene
Suur-Saksa
pommitus
helikopteri
kellukekone
vesilentokone
lentotukikohta
varasto
majakka
purjevene
regatta
hautausmaa
hautausmaa
räjähdys
tykistö
kranaatti
kivääri
veitset
pistin
liekinheitin
evakuointi
lentokone
sotilas
jalkaväki
eläin
lentokone
lentokone
lentokone
säännöstely
raketti
vangit
paraati
komentaja
kersantti
amiraali
ambulanssi
tykki
suurlähettiläs
ammus
lentokenttä
vuosipäivä
maanpako
evakuointi
siviili
sairaanhoitaja
lääkäri
hammaslääkäri
kirurgi
suurlähetystö
säiliö
pakolainen
presidentti
muuttoliike
raja
lapio
sairaala
rautatie
kapteeni
miinanraivaaja
seremonia
juhla
puolitelavaunu
Kriegsmarine
Neuvostoliitto
blitz
maanpako
lentäjä
pilotti
merijalkaväki